Add documentation with an example (#6)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations: README.md

   ```toml
    clientId = <Client Id>
    clientSecret = <Client Secret>
    refreshToken = <Refresh Token>
   ```

2. Instantiate a `hsassociations:ConnectionConfig` with the obtained credentials and initialize the connector with it.

    ```ballerina
    configurable string clientId = ?;
    configurable string clientSecret = ?;
    configurable string refreshToken = ?;

    hsassociations:ConnectionConfig config = {
        auth: {
            clientId,
            clientSecret,
            refreshToken,
            credentialBearer: oauth2:POST_BODY_BEARER
        }
    };

    final hsassociations:Client baseClient = check new (config);
    ```
### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation

Now, utilize the available connector operations. A sample usecase is shown below.

#### Get list all associations of an object by object type and object id
    
```ballerina
public function main() returns error? {
    hsassociations:CollectionResponseMultiAssociatedObjectWithLabelForwardPaging readResponse 
    = check hubspotAssociations->/objects/["deals"]/["41479955131"]/associations/["companies"].get();
}
```

## Examples

> The `HubSpot CRM Associations` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations/tree/main/examples/), covering the following use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `HubSpot CRM Associations` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations/tree/main/examples), covering the following use cases:
```

> 1. [Create and Read Associations](https://github.com/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations/tree/main/examples/create_read_associations) - This example demonstrates the usage of the HubSpot CRM Associations connector to create default and custom associations between deals and companies, as well as retrieve existing associations for a given deal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Create and read associations](https://github.com/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations/tree/main/examples/create-read-associations) - This example demonstrates the usage of the HubSpot CRM Associations connector to create default and custom associations between deals and companies, as well as retrieve existing associations for a given deal.
```

Reviewer: Update the sample directory name according to the change

Author: done

## Overview

[HubSpot](https://developers.hubspot.com) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.associations` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Association Details API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/associations/association-details) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

## Setup guide

To use the HubSpot Association details connector, you must have access to the HubSpot API through a HubSpot developer account and a HubSpot App under it. Therefore you need to register for a developer account at HubSpot if you don't have one already.

> ### Step 1: Create/Login to a HubSpot Developer Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Login to the HubSpot developer account
```

Shall we use sentence case for all the titles?

Author: done

> If you have an account already, go to the [HubSpot developer portal](https://app.hubspot.com/)
> 
> If you don't have a HubSpot Developer Account you can sign up to a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a HubSpot developer account yet, you can sign up for a free account [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/get-started)

If you have an account already, login to the [HubSpot developer portal](https://app.hubspot.com/)
```

Author: done

### Step 2 (Optional): Create a Developer Test Account

Within app developer accounts, you can create a [developer test account](https://developers.hubspot.com/beta-docs/getting-started/account-types#developer-test-accounts) under your account to test apps and integrations without affecting any real HubSpot data.

> > **Note:** These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use Developer Test Accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** These accounts are only for development and testing purposes. In production you should not use developer test accounts.
```
